# Privacy Policy

## The company respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, we will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, the company will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the Company will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. The Company will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. By agreeing to the Company's Service Use Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Company's Service Use Agreement.

## I. What information does the company collect from you?
### 1. The company only collects the information necessary to realize the function of the product according to the principles of legality, righteousness and necessity.
(1) When you register your company account, you provide personal registration information according to the requirements of the company;
(2) The information on your browser and computer that is automatically received and recorded by the company when you use the company's network services or access to the company's platform webpage, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, Data such as language used, date and time of access, hardware and software feature information, and web page records you need;
(3) User personal data obtained by the company from a business partner through legal channels.
(4) In order to help you better use our products or services, we collect relevant information.
### 2. You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy:
(1) Keyword information that you enter when using the services provided by the company;
(2) Relevant information data collected by the company on the service platform provided by the company;
(3) Violation of the law or violation of the rules of the company and the measures the company has taken against you.

## II. How does the company use your information?
### 1. Use of information
(1) The Company will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and (including affiliated companies) provide services to you individually or jointly. And after the service is over, it will be barred from accessing all of the material that it has previously been able to access.
(2) The Company also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information by any means. Any user of the Company's platform who engages in the above activities will immediately terminate the service agreement with the user upon discovery.
(3) For the purpose of serving users, we may use your personal information to provide you with information of interest to you, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with our partners so that they can Send you information about its products and services.
### 2. Information Disclosure In the following circumstances, the Company will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal wishes or the law:
(1) Disclose to third parties with your prior consent;
(2) In order to provide the products and services you request, you must share your personal information with third parties;
(3) Disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of the administrative or judicial authorities;
(4) If you violate the relevant laws and regulations of China or the company's service agreement or related rules, you need to disclose it to a third party;
(5) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, it should be disclosed to the respondent at the request of the complainant so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;
(6) In a transaction created on the company's platform, if any party to the transaction performs or partially fulfills its trading obligations and requests for information disclosure, the company has the right to decide to provide the user with the contact information of the counterparty, etc. Information to facilitate the completion of a transaction or the resolution of a dispute.
(7) Other disclosures that the Company considers appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies.

## III. Information and Information Collected by Information Storage and Exchange will be stored on the servers of the Company and/or its affiliates. These information and materials may be sent to your country, region or our company to collect information and The data is located outside the country and is accessed, stored and displayed outside the country.
### 1. Use of Cookie
(1) In the absence of your refusal to accept cookies, we will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use our company's platform services or features that rely on cookies. The use of cookies can provide you with more thoughtful and personalized services, including promotional services.
(2) You have the right to choose to accept or decline to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use our company's web services or features that rely on cookies.
(3) This policy will apply to the relevant information obtained through the cookies set by the company.
### 2. Information Security
(1) The company's account has security protection function, please keep your username and password information. Security measures such as encrypting user passwords will ensure that your information is not lost, misused and altered. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there are no “perfect security measures” on the information network.
(2) When using the company's online services for online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially if the company's username and password are leaked, please contact our customer service immediately to take appropriate measures.

## IV. How to manage your information
### 1.Access, update and delete
(1) The company encourages you to update and modify your information to make it more accurate and effective. You can access your information through our services, and complete or request the company to modify, supplement and delete according to the management of the corresponding information. The company will take appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can access, update and correct your information or other information provided when using our services.
(2) When accessing, updating, correcting and deleting the above information, the company may ask you to perform authentication to ensure information security. If you want to inquire, modify or delete some of your information, please log in to our company platform and follow the specific guidelines.
### 2. Publicity and sharing The company's services allow you to share your relevant information not only with your social network, but also with all users who use the service, for example, you upload or post it in our services. Information, responses to information you upload or post to others, uploading or posting your personal information via email or in public areas of the company's services that are not visible to specific users, and including location data related to such information and Log information. As long as you do not delete the information you disclose or share, the information may remain in the public domain; even if you delete the shared information, the information may be cached, copied or stored independently by other users or third parties not under the control of the company. Or saved by other users or such third parties in the public domain. If you disclose or share information through the above channels, resulting in the disclosure of your information, the company is not responsible. Therefore, the company reminds you and asks you to carefully consider whether to disclose or share your information through the above channels.
### 3. Cancellation In the case of the conditions stipulated in the service agreement of the company and the relevant national laws and regulations, your service account of the company may be cancelled or deleted. When an account is logged out or deleted, all service data and data related to the account and related to the account will be deleted or processed according to the service agreement of the individual service.
### 4. Change the scope of your authorization
(1) You can always choose whether to disclose information. Some information is required to use our services, but most other information is provided by you. You can change the scope of your authorization to continue collecting information or withdraw your authorization by deleting information, turning off device features, and so on.
(2) After you withdraw your authorization, the company cannot continue to provide you with the service corresponding to the withdrawal authorization, and will not process your corresponding information. However, your decision to withdraw your authorization will not affect the processing of information previously based on your authorization.
### 5. Tips on sensitive information
(1) Certain information may be considered sensitive because of its particularity, such as your race, religion, personal health and medical information, as well as identification documents, personal biometric information, property information, whereabouts, minors Information, etc.
(2) Please note that content and information that you provide, upload or post in our services (such as photos or information about your social activities) may reveal your sensitive information. You need to carefully consider whether to disclose your sensitive information using our services.
(3) You agree that your sensitive information will be treated in accordance with the purposes and methods described in this Privacy Policy.

## V. Third Party Services The Company's services may link to social media or other services provided by third parties (including websites or other forms of services). include:
### 1. You can share some content with third-party services by using the “Share” button, or you can use the third-party service to log in to the company's service platform. These features may collect your information (including your log information) and may install COOKIES on your device to properly run the above functions;
### 2. The Company provides you with links through advertisements or other means of the Company's services, so that you can access third party services or websites;
### 3. Other Access to Third Party Services These third party social media or other services are operated by the relevant third parties. Your use of such third party social media services or other services, including any information you provide to such third parties, is subject to the third party's own terms of service and information protection (not this Privacy Policy). You need to read the terms carefully. This Privacy Policy applies only to any information collected by the Company and does not apply to any third party services or third party information usage rules, and the Company does not accept any use of the information provided by you by any third party. responsibility.

## VI, age limit
### 1. Our company's suggestion: Any minor who participates in online activities should obtain the consent of the parent or his legal guardian (hereinafter referred to as "guardian"). The company will protect the relevant information of minors in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of the country.
### 2. The company encourages parents or guardians to guide minors to use the company's services. We recommend that minors encourage their parents or guardians to read this Privacy Policy and advise minors to seek parental or guardian consent and guidance before submitting information. VII. Notices and Amendments 1. The Company may revise the terms of this Privacy Policy in due course and such modifications constitute part of this Privacy Policy. For major changes, the company will provide more noticeable notices, you may choose to stop using the company's services; in this case, if you continue to use the company's services, you agree to the revised Privacy Policy. Constraint. 2. Any changes will put your satisfaction in the first place. The company encourages you to check the company's privacy policy every time you use the company's services.
### 3. The company may issue service-related announcements when necessary (for example, when the company suspends a service due to system maintenance). You may not be able to cancel these announcements that are related to the service and that are not in the nature of promotion.
### 4. Finally, you must be obligated to keep your account and password information confidential. In all cases, please take care of it. 8. How to contact the company if you have complaints and reports about network information security, or if you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy and your information, as well as this statement or our privacy measures Please contact our coordinator for questions. Contact info is hdzkun@sina.com.
